Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solvedlab-5-arrays
<br>
A data structure is a method of storing a collection of related data items in memory. The simplest data structure is an array. Arrays are internal data structures. This means that they are used only during the execution of the program in which they are defined. An array is a sequence of variables that share a common name and are the same data type. These variables are distinguished by their position within the array. This position is indicated by a subscript or index. In Java, the subscript is enclosed in square brackets such as: month[9]. Advantages of using arrays are: Arrays allow us to use one variable name for many items. Arrays allow us to use the same code to reference different memory locations. Arrays allow us to store data for later use in a program. Set Up Create a new Java project in your Eclipse workspace named: Lab05 In the src folder, create a package named: edu.ilstu.it275.lab05. Import the following file into your project. ArrayDriver.java Create a class called ArrayUtility.java which will contain methods to perform array manipulations. There are no instance variables required in this class. Write each of the methods to solve each task as described below. Be sure to include proper Javadoc comment blocks for each of the methods. You have been provided with a test driver class. All except the first test have been commented out to allow you to test one method at a time as they are developed. As each method is written, uncomment the code to test that method. Class diagram: | ArrayUtility | | :- | || | + findPercentageGreaterThanTwenty(intArray : int[]) : double + findSmallestInt(intArray : int[]) : int + findLargestInt(intArray : int[]) : int + findDifferenceLargestSmallest(int[] intArray) : int + printReverseOrder(intArray : int[]) : void + increaseValues(intArray : int[]) : void | Requirements for each method. All of these methods receives an integer array of any length that has all of the elements filled. findPercentageGreaterThanTwenty Write the code to return the percentage of elements greater than 20 findDifferenceLargestSmallest This method should use the findSmallestInt and findLargestInt methods and then calculate the difference of the smallest from the largest. printReverseOrder Write the code to print all of the values in the array to the screen in reverse order. Put each number on a separate line and label it with the element name. Example Output of one element: intArray[9] = 22 increaseValues Write the code to increase the value in each element of the array by a factor of 4.